2013 Redfin 360 Review Form



Reviewer’s Name:

Employee Being Reviewed:  

A Redfin manager may share selections from this review with the employee under review, but not your identity. If there is information that you would prefer that we not share with the employee, please say so. The more information we can share directly, the more helpful your feedback can be to the employee under review. The period under review is September 1, 2012 - September 30, 2013.	  	                 	                                                          	
Strengths:

Michael Glover [henceforth MG] is both a peer on Commerce, and my mentor on the team.  In both roles, he's really been a valuable asset.  Breaking down strengths to 2 sections - the Code, and the Man.

The Code:
MG's got great dev chops, specifically he's got wonderful instinct.  Many times I can see gears turning and "hmmmm, I've seen something like this before and the problem was X".  Great resource when you're stuck.  Perhaps even more evident than his experience is his hunger for learning more.  If something is new, MG's first instinct is to dive in, ask questions, and you can see genuine excitement about expanding to new technologies.  He's clearly going to be playing a bigger role as we start the iOS work, and I'm not at all worried about having him make key platform decisions.


The Man:
Floats seemlessly between being a peer and senior dev. Takes my suggestions and thoughts seriously, and is there for me as a mentor in various capacities - career development, seemingly trivial office knowledge (where does X sit?  Whom do I talk to about Y?), and makes the Redfin a friendly place.  Have very much enjoyed our Chalk Talks, walks, and rampup activities.  He's made me feel comfortable coming to him with all types of questions.  


Areas for Improvement:
Sometimes misses a teachable moment in pursuit of the right answer.  Specifically, when I asked for help with a particular bug, he would go into full dev mode and find the problem but not let me into his head as he was doing it.  WHY did he think to look in a particular file? HOW did he know the problem wasn't with X? Ramp up isn't just about finishing your bug plate, but starting to have a good idea of how larger conceptual pieces fit together. I think some of this stems from the points I made earlier about his strong instinct, which can be hard to explain to newfins.






